Fix docs (#467)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/reference/configuration.md

}
```

> 1. This will be the name used by {{kib}} when listing your application on the [Services](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/observability/apm/services) page. Defaults to `unknown`. See [why your app is referred to as a "service"](faq.md#why-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This will be the name used by {{kib}} when listing your application on the [Services](docs-content://solutions/observability/apm/services.md) page. Defaults to `unknown`. See [why your app is referred to as a "service"](faq.md#why-service).
```

```

1. Your endpoint URL. If you don't have one yet, check out [how to find it](how-tos.md#get-export-endpoint).

> 2. Your authentication method. You can use either an [API Key](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/observability/apm/api-keys), a [Secret token](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/observability/apm/secret-token), or none; defaults to `None`. API Keys are the recommended method, if you don't have one yet, check out [how to create one](how-tos.md#create-api-key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Your authentication method. You can use either an [API Key](docs-content://solutions/observability/apm/api-keys.md), a [Secret token](docs-content://solutions/observability/apm/secret-token.md), or none; defaults to `None`. API Keys are the recommended method, if you don't have one yet, check out [how to create one](how-tos.md#create-api-key).
```
